Now that the set up has been completed Let's actually start creating our first section which is going
to be more here in half an hour here.
This would be the banner so I'm going to go to my actual text.
We're going to get a read of these and it once and for some here we don't need them right now.
And as you can see that as I'm going to be working the live preview is going to be shown here and once
once are going to want to check something more here on the bigger screen what I'm going to do is I already
opened up and non-browser my file.
So going back to the actual text editor what we're going to say we're here to we would want to start
working with the body.
Now in the body the first thing we're going to create is going to be a happier moment with a glass of
Hatter.
So I'm going to say we're here after.
And also right away.
And the glass is also going to be.
Now once in the header.
Now let's create our first comment and we're going to say we're here first child and this is going to
mean this is going to be our first fluxbox.
And this is just going to help us with our first section to actually understand how we are manipulating
with a flex box.
Now for the first show we're going to say that this is going to be a half hour and you can see that
actually I don't need the comments on here and just need to know them and so I'm going to say we're
here now with a class of math.
Now I'm not going to write anything right now any kind of links.
I mean a lot going on now because I don't want to make it less confusing.
So I'm going to leave now for now and we're going to actually work on the banner number before we write
the banner we're going to write that this is going to be second child.
And again what this means is that we're going to create this header as a flex box parent and all this
is going to be our first child.
And this is going to be our second chance now for the second job.
We're going to say this is going to be a and you know what let's not let's actually say that this is
going to be the section.
So I would say this is going to be section with a class of banner.
Now what I would want over here in this matter.
Well first I would want a banner container.
And basically what banner container is going to be is going to hold all this over here.
So we're going to say we're here that this is going to be any comment.
So we're going to call this banner Container container.
And over here we're going to say that this is actually going to be a day of.
And we're going to say this is going to be did with a glass of banner.
And or here.
This is going to be two lines here and we're going to say that this is going to be container so to under
slash and then there's going to be doing now within the bannered container what we're going to have.
But first we're going to have a heading one with again a class of banner.
And again this is going to be two underscores and this is going to be tight.
Now what kind of text we're going to say.
Well you can see or hear that we have a I am clever techie so we're going to write on here that this
is going to be a I am clever and we're going to call this techie now.
Once you have all you are adding one then we're just going to press tab on here you can see that now
we are heading.
Now after that we would want a banner jobs.
So if this was a banner title next one is going to be a heading one which is going to have a class of
banner jobs.
So on this one then we're going to have banner to underscores again and jobs.
Now what we would want inside here.
Well first we would want a developer here.
This is going to be our text then we're going to have a plan now within the span we're going to place
a phantasm.
So this is going to be F S F A and we're going to call this angle or angle the ball and we're going
to call this right on here.
So I go double.
Right.
So once more here you can see that I say I am I am clever techie and this is going to be our phantasm.
So I need to go back over here.
I'm going to press control space I get back my moment press time.
And sure enough now I can see that this is going to be my angle.
Right now I'm told that we would want one more I can and two times more text.
So we're really going to call this a designer here.
Now we're going to have a designer and now again we're are going to want to copy this plan.
So I'm just going to select this by an element that I'm going to go here.
And after that the actual designer or we're all going to say that we would want a spine or here like
this.
So I'm going to copy and paste this.
Now I can do it.
I'm the developer here.
This will be our first font awesome then would be designer.
And next from.
Last one is going to be photographer photo for here.
So once we save it hopefully I spelled this correctly.
And now we are actually done with our HCM now and we can just go head over here and say this is going
to be the end of header.
So we're going to be and of her here and now we can go to the main scene and actually start styling
our first section.